COUGAAR Frequently Asked Questions

Notes:
- Questions are marked by "*", aswers follow.
- The source and date annotates each answer.
- This is really intended to be a temporary document, to be replaced
with an automatic FAQ system at some point.

* What are all those different AllocationResults for?

[rtomlinson@bbn.com, 18 June 2001]
There are three distinct allocation results plus the "reported result"
which is computed from received and observed. I'll try to explain each.

Estimated result -- This is the responsibility of plugin that created
the plan element of which is a part. This is initially purely an
estimate based on whatever information the plugin has available. As the
reported result changes, the plugin updates this. Usually the update
consists of copying the reported result to be the estimated result.

Received result -- This is managed by the infrastructure and generally
reflects the outcome of the downstream planning process. For example,
the received result of an allocation to another organization is received
from that other organization through a notification message. The
received result for an expansion is computed by combining the estimated
result from all the subtasks using an aggregator on the workflow of the
expansion. Plugins should not directly look at the received result, but
should use the reported result instead.

Observed result -- This is the results from observing what has happened
in the real world. You must be somehow executing the plan for observed
results to exist. For demo purposes, the event generator generates
reports that are turned into observed results. Observed results differ
from received results because things don't always happen as planned. The
received results reflect what the downstream planners planned to happen;
the observed result are what actually did happen.

Reported result -- This is the combination of Received and Observed
results and contains all the aspects from the observed result and only
those aspects from the received result that do not appear in the
observed result. The reported result is almost always what a plugin
should use. A plugin may use the existence of an observed result in some
cases to know that there is no point in trying to replan a task when it
has already been observed to have happened in a particular way.
