CONTENTS
---------

1. Introduction
2. Parameters in *.ini files and their role
3. Different society configurations
4. Miscellaneous

1. Introduction
----------------
This is a simplest test society called as performance test society.
It has a Management Cluster and a Development Cluster. Management
Cluster creates a Task and sends it to Development Cluster.  The
Devlopment Cluster then assigns this task to its assets (programmers).
and sends the Allocation result back to the Management Cluster.  This
cycle of sending task --allocating tasks -sending allocation result-
receiving allocation result continues indefinitely.


2. Parameters in *.ini files and their role
---------------------------------------------
DEBUG: 
	prints out the debug statements if set to true.  Though this
	 may be set there are raw System.out. statements at several 
	places that once converted  into debug format will make this 
	parameter applicable.
LOG:
	Prints out the statistics messages if DEBUG LOG is set to true
	
BURST_TIME: 
	time for which the Management sleeps once it 
	receives the Allocation Results and sends a new task.

THINK_TIME:  
	time the Management Cluster thinks about the task 
	to be allocated before it sends the Allocaion Results.

OUTSTANDING_MESSAGES: 
	the burst of tasks that the Management 
	creates and sends.

VERB: 
	the kind of task the Management is going to create

MAXCOUNT: 
	the number of times the task creation and allocation 
	cycle will continue.

SLURPFACTOR: 
	the amount of time the CPU will waste before it 
	continues to do the task on hand

MESSGAESIZE: 
	the length of task sent accross or the allocation result
	sent back will be altered by this size.

FILENAME:
	Name of the file where logging or debug messages will go
	if not the std out

3. Different society configurations
	There are several set of plugins and that can be 
	configured to run several versions of this society.

OneTaskAddAndRescindPlugin: 
	Adds one task and removes it from the  blackboard

SimpleAddRescindPlugin: 
	keeps adding task and removing it once it gets the 
	AllocationResult


MultipleOutStandingPlugin: 
	Sends a burst of tasks and when any  of the allocation results 
	arrive, resends another burst --thus have a set of outstanding 
	messages in the queue at a time.


ManagerPlugin:
	Can create different set of tasks (with different verbs) and 
	thus yet another way of outstanding messages in the queue 
	at a time.


4. Miscellaneous
----------------
	The Society is designed so that one can run one or more 
	clusters at a time.  For example one can run
	PerformanceA and PerformanceB: 
		One Management and One Development

	PerformanceA and PerformanceB and PerformanceC: 	
		One Management and two  Development

	Though there's where the example ends, one can redesign to
	run many Development clusters.